---
layout: post
title: "Miguel Lombana, reflection 6"
date: 2018-10-23
---

Today will be another reflection but may not be as I want it because github is having some technical issues so I will be doing this reflection today blindly but may have to do it again later so I will copy and paste this just in case so I don't have to fully repeat this again, hopefully I'm lucky. Back to topic, last week I was starting on pair programming and overlay. Tuesday we did a pair work that invloved booleans, string, and number data. Seeing what will be returned back if we were to type something down specifically. It was a little confusing for a brief moment and it became clearer for my partner and I. We wrote down our theories before typing down the actual coding for most of our assumptions to be correct, slowly understanding each problem given as we look over our theories that were incorrect. On monday we started working on "shapes" on coding, I believe it was called data programming, not just the simple rectangle data but a chart that shows the name of said shape and how many angles/corners it has, and also to determine if it was "is-round" by using true or false on Pyret. Adding more shapes into the chart was breifly confusing until I noticed a pattern in the coding of making the other shapes which made it easier, then adding the is-round and putting true or false into the chart. I still am sick but feeling alot better than before but a little more sleepy and tired. Completely exhuasted from the P.A.C.E.R test but slowly getting that energy back thankfully. I'm probably going to make a part 2 of this week reflection as it was too early to be done but only if Github doesn't have technical issues at the time. 
Part 2, (Wednesday and Thursday): Hello again part 2 for reflection 6, on Wednesday we were finishing up on our understanding of booleans, strings and numbers, took me a while but a click went off inside my head and understanding this fully. I look at myself and wonder why it was complicated to begin with but I finished it muvh more earlier than the time I was given. Today we learned on load-table and table-source where we can put in other forms of data into pyret or any other forms of coding by using shorter required coding and a link to the data
